<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<task id="resolving_conflicts" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Resolving conflicts</title>
    <shortdesc>When the changes you pulled from a remote branch compete with the changes in your
        working copy,  <ph keyref="phVcs"/> reports a conflict. You can resolve a conflict
        automatically or by using the Comparison Tool.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you want to resolve conflicts automatically by choosing one version over the
                    other, right-click a conflicted file and select one of the following
                    options:</cmd>
                <choicetable frame="all" relcolwidth="1.0* 2*" id="choicetable_r4g_cyy_llb">
                    <chhead>
                        <choptionhd>Option</choptionhd>
                        <chdeschd>Description</chdeschd>
                    </chhead>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption><uicontrol>Resolve using Mine</uicontrol></choption>
                        <chdesc>Replaces the version from the remote repository with the version in
                            your local working copy.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption><uicontrol>Resolve using Theirs</uicontrol></choption>
                        <chdesc>Replaces the version in your local working copy with the version
                            from the remote repository.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption><uicontrol>Mark as resolved</uicontrol></choption>
                        <chdesc>Marks the conflict as resolved without changing the content of the
                            file.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                </choicetable>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you want to resolve the conflict manually, double-click a conflicted file
                    and use the Comparison Tool to selectively amend each line.</cmd>
            </step>
            <stepsection>When all the reported conflicts are resolved, you can publish the resolved
                files in the remote repository:</stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you pulled the changes by using the <uicontrol>Pull (merge)</uicontrol>
                    action, complete the following actions:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_p4b_v1z_llb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Stage the resolved file for a commit.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter a meaningful commit message and commit the change.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Push the commit to the remote repository.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
                <info>If you want to discard your resoltion, you can use the
                        <uicontrol>Discard</uicontrol> context menu action on a file and repeat the
                    previous steps.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you pulled the changes by using the <uicontrol>Pull (rebase)</uicontrol>
                    action, click the <uicontrol>Continue rebase</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                <info>If you want to discard your resolution, you can click the <uicontrol>Abort
                        rebase</uicontrol> button and repeat the previous steps.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
