<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<task id="installing_git" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
    xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Setting up <ph keyref="phVcs"/> on Windows</title>
    <shortdesc>The <ph keyref="phProduct"/> add-on requires <ph keyref="phVcs"/> to be installed on
        your machine. Unless <ph keyref="phVcs"/> is already installed, you must install it and
        complete a basic configuration.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_g1j_smz_llb">
            <p>If you do not already have an account on a shared version control hosting platform,
                create an account. Alternatively, if you are part of an organization, request access
                from your project administrator or DevOps team.</p>
        </prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <xref keyref="urlGitDownloadPage"/> and select <uicontrol>Windows</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The download of the installer file starts automatically. Depending on
                    your browser's settings, you may need to confirm the download.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the Downloads folder, launch the <ph keyref="phVcs"/> installation wizard
                    and complete the process by following the on-screen instructions.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the installation is completed, on the <wintitle>Completing the Git Setup
                        Wizard</wintitle> page, select the <uicontrol>Launch Git Bash</uicontrol>
                    check box, and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the Git Bash terminal window, configure your <ph keyref="phVcs"/> user name
                    and email address by substituting the variables with your <ph
                        keyref="devPlatform"/> credentials:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <pre>git config --global --user.name="<varname>First Name</varname> <varname>Last Name</varname>"
git config --global --user.email="<varname>email@example.com</varname>"</pre>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify that your name and email are set correctly by listing the user
                    configuration settings:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <pre>git config --list | grep "user"</pre>
                </info>
                <stepxmp>Example
                    output:<pre>$ git config --list | grep "user"
user.name=John Doe
user.email=john.doe@email.com
</pre></stepxmp>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_zvd_1lh_llb">
            <p><ph keyref="phVcs"/> is now correctly installed and configured.</p>
        </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
